so to all zdarova boys and now I
I wanted to say about one very cool
news that happened to me on
samp-rp and me in general as you can see for
banned banned for gm corr I don't know
what kind of gm corr they meant but
I do not have accounts, there is no tool for a Man
I am very surprised by this because I am
drove me shot here you can see that dl
I have, though all fours in my 700's
was before this being me
shot I don't know a minute ago
may be
then I drove here I rode it like you
think fast I could ride such
wheels up to
drove on as if on a groove and as if
food food crashed there
with such wheels, and it is easy to make at
I van rolled on its side as well,
nothing got on the wheels like more
less went farther nowhere
bumping into nothing doing just yelling
holder and somehow management do not ban
just see here that they gave me a ban
I know how to call it but damn it was not
I had no guys hours I can even
ask your help to write there too
request for overclocking on the forum there create q
a pancake topic thank you very much
if you do this but damn what nafig
GMK
there was no Mr. Kara plans all all good luck
bye everyone
help me I do not know there with overclocking